my mom Gail is just sitting with my
daughter Alexander off camera right now
and I haven't even discussed this with
Melissa yet but we did talk about this
in the past on our list of options
things to do one possibility was going
to law school and then under that
heading the other main thing target was
going to law school in Canada of course
also we could go to law school United
States and become lawyers long-term um
now there are a lot of details you could
talk about there but one of the most
fundamental is just that the process of
attending law school was born and even
the first step of studying for in
writing the LSAT writing the law school
entries name is born but it's a lot less
boring if you're a couple going through
it together so like even if now if we go
back to we go back and go back to
southern Ontario when we start studying
for the LSAT I wouldn't want to that
alone but I'm just saying you think oh
great I'm gonna take three months and do
algebra again and do all the really
boring or the offset but if we did that
together I mean that could be fun and
encouraging just does it go yeah so Gail
was really targeting me about when we
met this morning once it figure out with
our hotel the alternate path when you
look at me getting a PhD or even me
going to baking college and as opposed
to going to law school and then where
that puts us when we come out and the
the series of steps going through in the
pen so we have talked about the past in
the past one of the reasons why I didn't
really consider that a positive option
before I met Melissa before we can a
couple was that just when I looked at
the number of years the amount of time
you put in and what you get out of it at
the end it did not compare favorably to
me getting a PhD at all if you become a
lawyer in Canada you make very little
money especially in the first few years
after you finish the degree that's this
one target now with that being said I
was talking to my dealing with my mom
also among Gail you know it's true you
and I are not really people who are
super motivated by money when you think
about the things that motivate us caring
about politics Kangol social problems
Carol making our opinions matter in a
society whether
in Canada or anywhere else you know or
California another very viable you know
option and this stage we could write
both outside and could apply for law
school in California we apply in
applying isn't the problem we can apply
for a bunch of law schools in both
California and Canada for example I do
think the law would be very rewarding
for us in those ways in those impalpable
ways and it's true we really are in a
different different situation now as a
couple then the situation I was in when
I was looking at law school alone
because a lot of that stuff is a drag I
mean you know studying Chinese is a drag
studying Chinese is a couple way more
enjoyable you have this experience
studying world LSAT for law school
winter and stuff is a drag and then the
other thing I talked through with guilt
the other thing was-- will make really
detail whether you do it in Canada the
United States I mean I'm just being
realistic we can apply for every law
school but it seems to me likely we
would probably live in some crappy
college town we don't particularly want
to live in while we're in law school so
I kill you could be any end up living in
Lethbridge you could be living in you
know Mobile Alabama I'm you say whoever
okay my mom my mom just says no no to
Mobile Alabama
Burlington Burlington Vermont as my
mother suggests there's a good there's a
good law school there's a good law
school in Vermont apparently I want
anyway but my point is you know we might
be living somewhere L per tick Euler
want to live to those couple of years
but again doing that together is way
more viable than doing it alone and then
even in terms of your first couple of
years out of law school so we Canada you
go through a process called articling
which is not quite the same as an
internship but you know some you know
you go through a period where you don't
have that much choice and you're doing
as a lawyer yeah anywhere you're
underpaid and overworked again doing
that together you know we more fun than
doing it alone and then ultimately if we
are two lawyers together we have weight
you know we'd be our own law firm one
lawyer is an employee but two to two
lawyers is a fairest and then you know
we start to get into you know those
questions the other thing I like about
this I have a bit of a problem because
I've traveled some I mean it's great
travels let's repair this other friends
now we were just in Thailand we're
living in China it's been fabulous but I
don't particularly have a roots and
being a lawyer gives you those roots you
know I mean so I like that about it
also so whether that was in Victoria BC
or San Francisco just to use an example
you have a brother in San Francisco you
know if we started living and working as
lawyers in San Francisco pretty soon
you're a person whose opinion matters in
San Francisco you're kind of a citizen
of San Francisco you're participate you
know I mean you know to whatever said no
people from San Francisco are gonna be
pointing the finger at you and saying
you ain't from around here
well you know you've got a law firm
you've got a job as a lawyer you know
you're making your contribution the
community you know I mean you can if you
want to go to City Hall and complain
that there are too many drug addicts on
the streets because they're all I've
been to San Francisco the opportunity to
you know you as a lawyer you can you can
have a pittance but think you can be
involved on the body politic in that way
which is part of what we're looking for
in this other these are the things so
I've got to say my mom pitching law
school to me now I'm gonna pick you up
here's my daughter looking ahead
next five years this is this is
Alexandra you know we're now four and a
half you know for now
so five years from now you're gonna be
about ten years old you're gonna be nine
and a half she you're actually gonna
turn five just in a few months
that's right so we've got a plan ahead a
little bit for that and we're thinking
we could be lawyers by the time she's
ten years old